The problem that I am looking to solve is the identification problem. This would be a government-approved app that can be used as an alternative identification method. This will come as two apps. One is for the public, this one will allow people to have things like a driver’s license, state ID, and others in the digital form. While the other is for the government workers.   
What makes this different from other types of identification is that now you have more than one way to identify yourself if you don’t have your card or if you travel around a lot.
One will be a free app with paid features for the public while the other will be an app given to security companies and, police officers. The police officers will have to get training for their apps. As for the public app, the users would have to go to the government for the identification that they want digitally for example: if you wanted a digital driver’s license you would go to a DMV and get it from them. The app will fund itself, the free version will also have a subscription option for those who want to use more than one type of identification.
For the free app, you can only have up to one identification on there were as if you were to do the subscription you can have up to 5 and notification if those were used somewhere without your knowledge. As for the other version of the app it will be tailored to the job that is using it. So the app that a cop would give the different information and used differently than the people who check passports when entering or leaving a country.
